feat: Add Parse Flutter SDK documentation (#928)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/flutter/config.md

# Config

> The SDK supports Parse Config. A map of all configs can be grabbed from the server by calling :
> ```dart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK supports [Parse Config](https://docs.parseplatform.org/cloudcode/guide/#config). A map of config parameters can be retrieved from Parse Server with:

```dart
```

- Also here, maybe a relative URL can be used instead?

Author: It is true that this form is better

var response = await ParseConfig().getConfigs();
```

> and to add a config:
> ```dart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new parameter to Parse Config:

```dart
```

# Config

> The SDK supports [Parse Config](https://docs.parseplatform.org/cloudcode/guide/#config). A map of config parameters can be retrieved from Parse Server with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The SDK supports [Parse Config](https://docs.parseplatform.org/cloudcode/guide/#config). A map of config parameters can be retrieved from Parse Server with:
```
